ah
hello everyone at levels to this new
video - Austin Gamer and from the most
big live this channel like we are
with the third chapter of this series
that I really like to do today we are going to
be doing the good one less
quite weird a quite different menu
to all files fredys because I'm going to
be using for a menu picture
different from what there is normally defined
is fredys de es coll d'en freddy and
As you can see there is a change to golden phantom
front as you see is normal and then
normal and pas ok missing a goal from fred and
more or less and if they want to know how
do more or less this I think I made a
video and if I did not do it I 'm sorry but of
doing freddy going down to freddy ok
then they can learn how to do
any animatronic in this way I
it was pretty enough but names of
game as you see is the delfinato fredys
of number 3 and as you see I have the
name for the new
fang in the third part of my daughter
funding the years later of the
animatronics that is to call the
animatronic lost but I do not know if it is
I do not know if I'm going to do a prequel
or is going to be a sequel the new button
game that takes it from an image of
Juanes is Felix just like the Bati game
although for the world we are going to need
only that and a static is
static and now get out of there god what
it's static I took it out of a forum
fayette of ladies fans are not going to
find another static in no other
place said come here is the static
here it is and then first of all we are going to
start with static in background
we still other cameras
then easier mainly than
we need at the moment you can create
the objects are created here with this
blue bar if they did not know they will arrive
the objects of the gif image and that
is going to have then I have put a
which song is our song
mind the menu on the page
fredys 1 so is the cinema happy 1
pretty good that unfortunately not
He had a lot of knowledge in this
define tro fredys how to put the song
so let's go the create level when
this object is created when it is created
Well, I also know when we created the song
let's go min 1
assange and print sound and we choose the
that menu and for it to repeat itself and
repeat then we give ok where it says
false truck because as it says in the
video what we give him I did not want anymore
had an indication
here in the name it will not have
nothing so true here in Golden
freddy will have a depth of 1
same as the button just like the button
new girl and the name is going to have all the
depth of a few menu blocks by
its depth
because here we will choose as we go
to choose the spr name of the game
here equal with goal of fred and we are going to
nothing nothing else has visible and profound and
it would be everything with the moment it took everything
We can have the same as the name
of the game but now we 're going here to
telvent mouse the pocket like menem
there is no stain the top 10 other
video to we're not going to go to one and you
let's give here this that says nets room
we add it and we're going to not put a
transition that you want me to
this case I put the funk I say that
it's about eating personals with which you
darkens on a screen and started it on
game is the best that can be
chosen for these only for the
button of the new game that the static I
I put static cam because it is also
of the camera and it will not have anything is not going
to have depth no more than being
visible and will have then that lose
static ok so they know and now the
menu what dimensions does it have then
the same dimensions as camera 2 and
Well, we put the names where
you want but he's going to tell us how
the static is put on camera
but as you see here it says more or less
below where it says that the object that
we select says more or less here about
commands that we can grab then
what are we going to use then let's grab the
static and still test maintaining
the left button, we're going to
drag to here and then not because then
would be everything and we put it equal to this
another static to the size of this person
and we do not have complications where there
complications here as you see we are by
up and the static goes up more than
because then the only thing we're going to
do and we're going to crush this again and
now alt and as we see with him we can
move it towards us we are then
we are going to render the project and now
you know in ibi guys how are ya seeing
started the game and how they see how I am
giving with the cangas and then animation
it looks super slow but you should
then to leave is super fast
animation and as you see it says
bainet a freddy 20 years later the anima
lost technician and as you see is
showing golden freddy but
it's not going to be Fred's goal and the
animatronic that is lost then
we bet you we give click to new game
because I in your new game for you
can give is whole space and as you can see
we spent at least this game first
and as good by God you proportion
because the menu is at the level of the
camera ok and as you see here is the rule
static and I think in the room
chapter they are going to put them going to
teach how to put ya alan and the button
for Christ of the office we are more
of 30 in the channel thank you very much everyone
those who subscribed and by
true the first video of fright night
fredys of this game and quer of my series
he got to have the first day nothing more
the first day 20 visits or more than 20
visits months videos usually arrive
to 20 visits after three days and
because my channel is not something very
known and thanks postures site that
thanks to my effort to bring alone
I think the channel is growing
so guys this I learned it by
my
hopefully soon be valued and if I
continue and if you continue to see me
I'm going to give them jeans because
as I told you to get these
background if they are super complicated
more the dolphins are fredys test and the
static then I would give the
opportunity to upload them and if not then
looking for the wikis ok and all
those thanks to all those who
they have been writing in those videos
of the plan inuncat frei if your comments
are the ones that make me grow then
both as a person and youtube as
microsoft in gamer and already go three times
every one I say the damn computer